#summary confEditor and Extrafe Ver 0.3.0 Goals.

= confEditor =
 
  * ~~<font color='red'>Rewwriting from the scratch the UI.</font>~~ (100% Done)
  * <font color='Blue'>Config Settings for confEditor.</font> (70% Done)
  * Master configuration for ExtraFE. (0% Done)
  * <font color='Blue'>Master Config Settings for Mame.</font> (90% Done)
  * ~~<font color='red'>Setting, creating and manipulating Mame Database in XML.</font>~~ (100% Done)
  * <font color='red'>Settings for mame builds, MamePlus and MamePlusXT.</font> (100% Done)
  * Tools Settings usefull for Mame. (20% Done)
  * ~~<font color=red>Master Config settings for Zinc.</font>~~ (100% Done)
  * ~~<font color=red>Creating, manipulating, setting zinc database in XML. </font>~~ (100% Done)
  * <font color='red'>Master Config settings for Hatari.</font> (95% Done)
  * <font color='Blue'>Creating, manipulating, setting "Atari ST" database in xml.</font> (70% Done)
  * <font color='red'>Master Config settings for pSX.</font> (90% Done)
  * ~~<font color=red>Creating, manipulating, setting "Playstation" database in xml</font>~~ (100% Done)
  * <font color='red'>Master Config settings for Kigb.</font> (95% Done)
  * <font color='Blue'>Creating, manipulating, setting "GameBoy" database in xml.</font> (70% Done)
  * ~~<font color='red'>GUID, and Master Settings for Weather widget. (100% Done)</font>~~
  * <font color='red'>Time and Date, local and global settings widget. (92% Done)</font>

= Extrafe =

  * <font color='blue'>Setup the GLScene and the bass sound library</font> (50% Done)
  * <font color='green'>Create intro and load the textures, sprites, fonts, emulators, widgets, sound, effects, cursors e.t.c.</font> (28% Done)
  * <font color='green'>Create the Main Menu.</font> (30% Done)
  * Mame panel creation gamelist, info, snaps, effects, animation, navigation (15% Done)
  * ZiNC panel creation gamelist, info, snaps, effects, animation, navigation (25% Done)
  * Hatari panel creation gamelist, info, snaps, effects, animation, navigation (0% Done)
  * pSX emulator panel creation gamelist, info, snaps, effects, animation, navigation (0% Done)
  * KiGB panel creation gamelist, info, snaps, effects, animation, navigation (0% Done)
  * Add Widgets button to main menu and creation of widgets pages (5% Done)
  * Control the contents of ExtraFe by mouse,keyboard,joystick and other HID (20% Done)
  * Virtual Keyboard (10% Done)
  
  Many more to come... ;)


What the colors Means ****
 # Black Text: Means the the concept is in thoughts or designed right now..
 # <font color='green'>Green</font> Text: Means that the design is ready and have resources or start to coding the basics procedures or functions...
 # <font color='blue'>Blue</font> Text: Means that the first results is here and some parts working ok but have a lot bugs and not all the procedures or functions is ready
 # <font color='red'>Red</font> Text: Means that is it the perfect for me now and have some basic testing and working just perfect...
 # ~~Stikethrouth~~ Text: Means that is ready for stable release so no further changes for this part

Sometimes you can see here that i downgrade the percent result that means that new ideas is comming or recoding the same code to be faster,more stable or smaller... 
   